TFM_integration: Add support for nucleo_l552ze_q (#27524)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/tfm_integration/tfm_ipc/README.rst

      $ ninja run

On ST Nucleo L552ZE Q:
======================

Build Zephyr with a non-secure configuration:

   .. code-block:: bash

      $ west build -b nucleo_l552ze_q_non_secure samples/tfm_integration/tfm_ipc/

Three scripts are generated in the ``build/tfm/install`` folder:

>   - ``postbuild.sh``: Updates regression.sh and TFM_UPDATE.sh scripts according to flash_layout.h.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ``postbuild.sh``: Updates regression.sh and TFM_UPDATE.sh scripts according to generated flash_layout.h.
```

  - ``regression.sh``: Sets platform option bytes config and erase platform.
  - ``TFM_UPDATE.sh``: Writes bl2, secure, and non secure image in target.

Run them in the following order to flash the board:

   .. code-block:: bash

      $ ./build/tfm/install/postbuild.sh
      $ ./build/tfm/install/regression.sh

>       $ ./build/tfm/install/TFM_UPDATE.sh

Reviewer: We need to pass zephyr.bin path to this script so it is able to flash the correct _ns binary and not the default tfm_ns one.

Reviewer 2: It is too complicated to automate the process of calling these scripts during the `extra_post_build_commands` step, similar to how we sign the images with a script post-build?

Author: Calling these scripts can be done during  `extra_post_build_commands`. However, the scripts `regression.sh` and `TFM_update.sh` are used to flash the board, not building the binaries, so I think that it is better to keep them as a separate step.

Author: The latest push modifies the scripts, to flash zephyr ns image instead of the tfm ns image, without passing the path or editing the script.

Reviewer 2: If `postbuild.sh` can be called automatically without modification, it should be added to the board's `CMakeLists.txt` file in the `extra_post_build_commands` section, and the documentation updated to list only the two scripts to run manually.

A small description of why they are necessary and what they do may also be useful since the names themselves aren't very clear or obvious (`regression.sh`?).

Reset the board.

 .. note::

>       Note that STM32_Programmer_CLI is required to run ``regression.sh`` and ``TFM_UPDATE.sh``. (see https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stm32cubeprog.html)

Reviewer: Please also mention that arm-none-eabi-gcc should be available (defined in PATH on Linux)

>       Note that and arm-none-eabi-gcc should be available (defined in PATH) and that STM32_Programmer_CLI is required to run ``regression.sh`` and ``TFM_UPDATE.sh``. (see https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stm32cubeprog.html)

Reviewer 2: Word missing between `and` and `arm-none-eabi-gcc`?
```suggestion
      Note that ``arm-none-eabi-gcc`` should be available in the PATH variable, and that ``STM32_Programmer_CLI`` is required to run ``regression.sh`` and ``TFM_UPDATE.sh``. (see https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stm32cubeprog.html)
```

Reviewer 2: What about cases where the Zephyr SDK is used on Linux (`arm-zephyr-gcc` instead of `arm-none-eabi-gcc`)? Does the script handle those as well?

Author: I have updated the code to add all the suggested changes.
